h1. JSONCrossdomainRequest

Do crossdomain json requests in javascript without hassles. Works with a flash proxy object. This object parses the JSON for you, so there will be no character encoding problems when sending the data to javascript.

* "JSONCrossdomainRequest installation":#INSTALLATION
* "JSONCrossdomainRequest usage":#USAGE
* "JSONCrossdomainRequest license":#LICENSE



<a id="INSTALLATION"/> </a>
h2. Installation

Download the files and place them somewhere:
* JSONCrossdomainRequest.swf
* JSONCrossdomainRequest.js
* swfobject.js


<a id="USAGE"/> </a>
h2. Usage


h3. Include the javascript in your file:

<pre><code>
	<script src="swfobject.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
	<script src="JSONCrossdomainRequest.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
</code></pre>

h3. Set location of SWF if it is not in your root

JSONCrossdomainRequest.fSwfLocation = '/otherlocation/JSONCrossdomainRequest.swf'


h3. Init the JSONCrossdomainRequest object

<pre><code>
	window.onload = function() {
		JSONCrossdomainRequest.init();
	}
</pre></code>


h3. Do the call and define a callback

<pre><code>
function callback(pObject) {
	alert(pObject)
}	

window.onload = function() {
	JSONCrossdomainRequest.init();
	JSONCrossdomainRequest.onLoadComplete = function() {
		JSONCrossdomainRequest.doRequest('http://localhost:4000/items.json?per_page=20?page=1', "", 'GET', callback);
	}
}
</pre></code>



<a id="LICENSE"/> </a>
h2. License

JSONCrossdomainRequest is released under the MIT license. Please contact (jaapvandermeer AT gmail DOT com) if you have any suggestions or remarks.